Intro:
Sing, O goddess, about this deity in training before us. Welcome to your proving ground new one. Take your left hand, and point where you want to transport yourself by pressing and releasing the left track pad. Just hold the left track pad down and aim at a new location before releasing. Try it now. Zip all across this floating isle! Then, in your own time, grab one of the cauldrons using either trigger button. Hurl the cauldron off the edge by releasing the trigger button as you throw. There are three of these cauldrons on this island, and all three must be sent to the abyss below before you can proceed on your journey. Speaking of which, budding deity, you have been tasked by the gods to maintain the status quo between the rich and the poor. More on that later. But for now, follow my bidding and toss the cauldrons off this rock. So go, and do not provoke me or it shall be worse for you.

Food:
I'm glad you completed your first task. Now it's time for your real job to begin. The dogs on this island are hungry. But there is not enough food to go around. As the governing deity, you must distribute the food accordingly. Grab the bowls of food near the fire and gift four of them to the family of rich, bright orange dogs and just one of them to the family of poor, gray-colored dogs. Do exactly as I say, as upsetting the status quo between the rich and the poor dogs foreshadows great ill for us all.

Parents:
Young deity, the multitudes will sing your praises for filling the bellies of the rich dogs with plenty of food, while making sure the poor dogs had not a single scrap beyond what was allotted them. Now it's time to turn your fair attention to the matter of parents and children. You see, among the poor dogs there are too many puppies in graceful bond with their parents. You must quickly separate three parents from their pups, but no more than that. We must keep the poor disadvantaged, but not so much so that we beckon chaos. So go now, take three parents away from their children. Place them in the rocky jail, or if you feel of high spirits, toss them over the edge of the island. Do not let the grieving cries of the lonely puppies keep you from completing your divine duty. If you develop pity for the poor, all will be uproar and confusion. Heed my words and go on now.

Landmines:
I look admiringly on you for so swiftly tearing apart the families of the poor and unworthy dogs on the last island. Now, you must ferry the rich dog safely to the other side of this treacherous island. The ground is littered with hidden mines, but fret not, brave deity, for you can sacrifice the lives of three poor dogs to identify these dangers. Do not be afraid to hobble any or all of the poor dogs, but ensure that the rich dog stands firm when the journey is complete. Make haste and safe travels!

Hellfire 1:
I pray that you are ready for your final challenge, for the time has arrived to see whether you have what it takes to preserve the status quo. Orbiting around the island you are on right now are four portals to hell. It is your divine duty to cast four poor dogs into everlasting fire, for they must be the victims of the sinful life of the rich. Approach any of the dogs and use the trigger button to pick it up. Then point at one of the portals, and when you're ready, press the trigger button again to unleash your wrath on the dog. I wish you very steady aim and, as always, a cold heart.

Hellfire 2:
Congratulations! You cast innocent dogs into hell. Please proceed to the next island. The task is the same, but this time you must forsake the lives of the young. There are three puppies lined up around the rotating portals. Pick them up and cast them without mercy into the gates of hell. Do not hesitate. It is the only way to unlock the treasure chest lying nearby, which blesses the rich dogs of the world with wealth, power, and good fortune.

Hellfire 3:
Most excellent! You have unlocked the treasure chest. Your job is nearly done. Simply pick it up and send it through the gate to heaven. The rich dogs will sing your praises and shower you with offerings!

Hellfire Puppy Heaven:
You threw the puppy into the wrong gate. Please don't do that again. The rich can't mix with the poor.

I'm starting to think you're doing this intentionally. Stop it.

You fool! You've upset the status quo. You can no longer unlock the treasure chest. You might as well cast it into hell. Many will be displeased.

Status Quo Ending:
You maintained the status quo! You are a worthy god! Please enjoy being worshipped by all the fortunate dogs around you. Do not think about any of those unfortunate dogs whose lives you destroyed. There was no way you could have completed your job differently. Or so I'm told. But alas! I'm rambling. Praise be to you! Your journey is complete for now. Congratulations again.

Good Ending:
You disrupted the status quo! You are an unworthy god! The rich dogs were not blessed with vast wealth, power, or good fortune. But it seems you still have your admirers. You might as well enjoy their paltry offerings of worship. I sincerely hope you enjoy feeding them all. It will be a fulltime endeavor. But nevermind. Praise be to you! Your journey is complete for now. Congratulations on your bold choices. I hope your future remains bright.



